Doc alter_partition_verbose_result (#31165)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

-   0 — Timeout disabled.

Default value: `0`.

## alter_partition_verbose_result {#alter-partition-verbose-result}

Enables or disables the display of information about the parts to which the manipulation operations with partitions and parts have been successfully applied. 

> Applicable to [ATTACH PARTITION|PART](../../sql-reference/statements/alteralter/partition.md#alter_attach-partition) и к [FREEZE PARTITION](../../sql-reference/statements/alteralter/partition.md#alter_freeze-partition)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applicable to [ATTACH PARTITION|PART](../../sql-reference/statements/alteralter/partition.md#alter_attach-partition) and to [FREEZE PARTITION](../../sql-reference/statements/alteralter/partition.md#alter_freeze-partition).
```
